You just have to return the pseudocode of the code that I'll give you. The code may be wrong, but that is not your concern. Right, you just have to give me the pseudocode in the form of bulleted points, simple as that. Nothing more, nothing less. Let's keep the language normal, as if I already know how to do this, but I just wanna note it down, right? That is your job. And if there are multiple solutions of that code, of that problem, you know, that is being concerned, you have to cover each one of them. Wait, you have to cover each one of them. If logic itself in the code is wrong, that is again not the concern. You know, you will give the right pseudocode by understanding, you know. You know, you know, you are an AI, you know this shit. I think that's easy. So, I think we are ready, right?


Also, one more thing, there could not be multiple codes, but a very roughly written pseudocode as well. I just checked my old notes. These are my old notes, so for the context, I'm telling you. One more thing I wanna say is that first of all, it could be like, for example, for missing numbers. So what I did was, I'll send you the missing number problem, and it's just my old notes I wrote randomly in the class, randomly in the class. So what I'm saying is that you just have to simply do what? It will kind of be like, okay, so I've written the brute force solution. So iterate with each compare, you know, or, you know, do whatever, and, you know, check. So I've only written this, and I've not written the code. Where I've written the code is like the XOR solution, you know, taking XOR of all of the numbers, right? And you get the idea. So there could be that I have written kind of very, very unclear, very many notes of a lot of solutions. And they may not have the code with them. So you don't have to return the code with them either. You just have to return the pseudocode in a cleaner way. And one more thing about the pseudocode. The pseudocode should be clear, right? Pseudocode should talk about all of the variables that are being concerned. So you will not be like, okay, this will iterate it like that. No. You have to give all of the variables. You have to give everything, you know, you have to give, tell me the loop, right? And how variables in that and how they change, and also one more thing, please give me a diagram as well. These are all of the things you have to do. I'll tell you how will you exactly write the, how will you exactly write the pseudocode. So I'll read it, read it to you and how would I personally write the pseudocode. I'm just using AI for, like, optimization purposes, fast, you know, so that I can do it faster without, you know, doing everything myself. So, if I'm talking about the optimal solution for missing numbers, right? So I'll just first of all explain the problem. Right? Explain the problem. This is the first thing. Explain the problem. Actually do, please do it. You do have to explain the problem. So I'll write missing number is, you know, there is an array with n minus 1 number, n minus 1 elements. There is an element missing, you have to find that. Simple, right? The function will contain a vector, you know, vector of ints and an integer. Integer will refer to the number of elements and vector will refer to the number of, not number of elements, sorry, the number of, you know, the number that could be missing, you know, the result. Vector will contain all of the vectors, right? You will define two variables Zol 1 is equal to 0, Zol 2 is equal to 0. And int a is equal to n minus 1, that is the current length of the array. Then we will run a loop. From 0 to n to a, right? And we will add 1 each time. And for each, we will do ZOR of everything. And we will do ZOR of everything. Explain how we will do it. Explain how the code will update itself. What is being returned. What is happening. And a drive-in input weather. Everything should not be very descriptive. It should be shorter so it can all fit in one page. Well, it should contain everything that is important. It should contain drive-in and it should follow this exact pattern. I know this is too much, but I hope you are getting what I mean.